---
layout: post
title: "Icebreaker' Blog Post"
exerpt: "A blog about why you should read the novel 'Icebreaker' by Hannah Grace"
author: violette-tallitsch
pullquote:
---
The novel "Icebreaker" by Hannah Grace is a heartwarming romance between a figure skater named Anastasia and a hockey player named Nathan. This story is part of the enemies to lovers trope. When one of the hockey players accidentally angers a player from another school, the other player detroys the hockey team's ice rink. The figure skaters and hockey team are forced to share an ice rink because of this. Anastasia despises all of the hockey players because of the inconvenience they have caused her. Reluctantly, Anastasia allows the hocmey players to get on her good side. All but one, that is. Nathan lied to her about why the ice rink got destroyed and she does not like liars. Even though she hates Nathan, he continues to try to get on her good side.
"Icebreaker" is a story about finding love in the most unexpected of places. Through all of the drama and arguing, Anastasia and Nathan find a connection so strong that it makes all of their differences unimportant. Together, they get through all of the ups and downs of tryingto figure out how to share the ice rink. They have to compromise an attempt to get along since their schedules regularly overlap.
Once the two finall start to get along, Nathan catches feelings. He wants to date Anastasia, but Anastasia does not want a boyfriend. She has never had time for a relationship because of her extremely strict schedule. Because of Anastasia's busy schedule, Nathan had to be very persistent to get her to spend her free time with him. Nathan's friends and Anastasia's best friend were rooting for the two throughout their relationship. Anastasia's figure skating partner isn't happy, though. He dislikes Nathan more than Anastasia ever did.
Grace's story also brings the atmospheres of thesse two very different ice sports to life. Figure skating consists of graceful routines and precise movements. Hockey consists of aggression and intensity. Even though they have so many differences in what they do on the ice, the ice is what brought them together: literally and figuratively. These two sports are connected through the ice, just as Nathan and Anastasia are connected by the ice rink they have to share.
The relatability of the two characters is what makes “Icebreaker” such a good story. Anastasia has a difficult past that makes her character act the way she does now. She is closed off and goes to therapy. She can’t allow herself to be vulnerable or stray away from her schedule. Nathan falls for people easily and persists no matter how many times he is turned down, even though it happens a lot. Nathan’s persistence is what beat down Anastasia’s icy front and allowed them to get to know each other.
The romance novel “Icebreaker,” by Hannah Grace, is a riveting story that is waiting to be read. Don’t let that novel wait any longer! Get ready to be invested in the romance between Anastasia and Nathan and figure out if all the hard work they put in leads to a happily ever after.
