This article seems to be trying to get readers to understand the complex and nuanced difficulties that come with trying to have a creative career on social media. The author feels that understanding this is important because those that are trying to pursue these creative careers online are expected to play by such rules that make it almost impossible to have a stable career. I do agree with the author’s point that this kind of career in a creative field can cause one to get so lost trying to keep up with the job that they are no longer able to enjoy the creative aspects that initially drew them to it in the first place. I did have a similar experience to the kind that the author details in the text. I participated in show choir in high school because I had done a bit of choir before, as well as some local and community theater, and I really enjoyed it. I had always had a love for singing, dancing, and performing, so I thought that I would absolutely love show choir since it is a combination of all three of those things. Well, it turned out that I was totally right about loving the creativity of what came with show choir, but what I didn’t know was everything else that was going to come along with it. Sparing almost all of the details, my choir director wasn’t really the nicest person, and she made what I thought was going to be a really fun experience into quite the opposite. It almost didn’t make sense to me. I was in a group of people who I was able to sing, dance, and perform with who all shared the same passion for it that I did. So, what was the problem? Well, it became an issue when all I cared about was getting the dance moves and notes of the song right for the sole purpose of getting approval from my choir director. Everything became a competition, and if you weren’t winning then no one really liked you, including the director. Before I knew it, none of it was fun anymore, and I just wanted to quit. I had become so lost in all of the other aspects of show choir that I had completely forgotten why I even joined in the first place, and every time I remembered it didn’t even matter, because I was unable to enjoy it anymore. This experience that I had, although not the same as the kind the author is explaining, touches on a similar issue of getting so wrapped up in other aspects of the once creative endeavor that you now can’t even enjoy the parts that were supposed to be fun. In a sense it almost seems ridiculous to expect to enjoy a creative endeavor the same you always did when it becomes your job. Anything that becomes a responsibility loses its attractiveness simply because it is now something you have to do. But the expectations of content creators on social media are so different than those in other creative fields, such as TV and film acting. Those roles do demand a lot of the actors, but at least they know what they need to do, and can at the very least know that they will get to play a role in a show/movie for an extended period of time, which is the creative endeavor they signed up for when they decided to pursue acting. Musicians/Singers are another example of this. Along with all of the other responsibilities that come with that career, at the end of the day their stability relies on them producing music, which is again the creative endeavor that they signed up to do when they initially began pursuing music. With how fast-paced the internet and the world is today it’s no surprise that content creators would have so much to keep up with. There is something to be said though about the fact that it’s easier to shoot to fame or go viral now more than ever before because of how fast the internet moves these days. Is this fame worth it, though? And at what cost are you gaining it? As the author alludes to in the text, creators now seem to be creating less for their own enjoyment, and more for the sole purpose of profiting.
